Are you kidding?
Who Am I?
I'm the new Mechanics Doctor of the Kokusai
How could I possibly come to a place like this?
I'm clean. Okay.
Sister-in-law
You must have wronged big brother
If big brother really came here
He will definitely call me
Don't wrong big brother
Really?
Sure
Ouch, isn't this Mr. Qin?
You haven't been here for some days
The girls can't sleep waiting for you
How many are packed tonight?
Hey, hey.
If I say they got the wrong person
And do you believe that?
Forward you bastard
OK
Guest officer please
deserve it
Brother, you have disappointed me so much.
You actually eat alone
Guest officer please
Well, I didn't say anything. I didn't see anything.
Ah.